babe we've been through this it is just
a video game okay I went through anger
management I will be fine I'm gonna play
this for 30 minutes and then I will head
to your house and we'll have a romantic
evening it will be awesome I will see
you then I love you more I love you more
to beat that okay all right
bye okay black ops 2 positive thoughts
just a game have fun let's do this got a
kill good start
yeah got killed I'm not mad you killed
me not mad oh I'm not mad I just walked
into a grade not mad not mad you're
camping and I'm happy I'm happy that
you're in that you been the same spot
for the last two minutes I'm not mad I
just spawned in front of your rifle
what's a knife okay maybe I'm mad you
guys are dead I don't don't say lol it's
bad enough people type that at the end
of every text message oh yeah I think
you sang it in cold duty you can run
wherever you want but that sticky is
stuck to you that's right these maps are
just like modern warmer three broken CD
broken CD broken City aircraft carrier I
stand corrected that sound is awful do
you hear yourself as we sound like 10
years old piehole means mute don't save
me the trouble in fact while you're
muting me I'm gonna kill you and then
you're gonna get done back on the screen
you'd be like oh the guy just muted
killed me then you're probably gonna
make this sound you sound like a wiener
dog but healing them that's what you
sound like
I'm glad to see people know how to lie
down still Oh guys coming at me shooting
me with a gun what should I do
I should lie down well I'll just lie
down in front of them and then I could
kill them stop saying lol I killed you
lol idiot no you do you honestly select
that username
puppy hot 666 what does that even what
does that even mean are you like an evil
marijuana enthusiast veterinarian oh oh
oh oh me me me really good a tit I'm
shooting you in the face and you lunge
20 feet and kill me with a knife
I can walk up behind you backwards with
a knife it wouldn't work and then you'll
just turn around and punch me in the
face with a bullet yeah you get to say
that about your just said about me no no
look what is it what's with this music
it's like Donkey Kong Factory music
where's that horse kill Street you guys
see that in the commercial with a girl
jumping with divorce shouldn't it be a
killstreak I won I'm sorry it's a it's a
scorestreak now right new roll anyone
says the word scorestreak is getting
muted I didn't ask you puppy pot
shouldn't you be neutering a bong or
something one grenade and I'm dead this
is not realistic at all stop saying lol
flash blank custard a blocker Nate's
pondered a clever grenade I'm dead
grenade and I'm dead you win this one
puppy okay but just so you know this is
no burp hey I gotta go hang out with my
girlfriend and gotta act like this death
is wrong because the anger management
but when I'm with her I'm be thinking
about hating you okay
I'll be making out with her and thinking
about you how does that sound that
sounds gay
how's that sound gay
so here is my annual call of duty
freakout video guys I hope you guys dug
it sadly I have to tell you that this is
a skit this is not supposed to be real
no matter how many times I say that I
always get people saying like this guy
is the biggest idiot south of the North
Pole because this is clearly fake I know
it's fake it's not supposed to be real
it's just supposed to make a few you
guys out there laugh so if you're one of
those people I'm glad you enjoyed it and
since this is a Call of Duty video I
want to take this chance to thank
someone I've never talked about on my
channel before there is a Call of Duty
player that has a very successful
YouTube channel and his Call of Duty
name is face Bakey you guys might know
him he's really successful on YouTube
and he does called you to gameplay
videos well he watches my videos and he
likes and favorites them sometime and
sends a lot of people my way like that
don't normally see my videos so I just
want to say thank you for watching my
video
videos all the support you've given me
bud and if any of you guys don't know
who he is you want to watch Call of Duty
gameplay videos go check his channel out
he has a lot of good stuff and it means
he's pretty big stuff on YouTube so
check him out if you don't know who he
is but this is the fourth one of these
I've done and when I was prepping up
mentally for this one I was like man
this is like feels like the same thing
every time I mean there's only so much I
can do on a couch freaking out about a
video game but you know I thought about
as tradition I should do it but I want
to like I want to get your guys input
because I know a lot of you guys are new
viewers then probably haven't seen this
type of skate before but new and old am
I asking you all if you guys dig this
skit you want to see me carry on the
tradition every time a new Call of Duty
video comes out game whatever I'm
talking about let me know give me a
thumbs up or just let me know the
comments and be like Andy I'm diggin I
want to see you act like a stupid idiot
on a couch but thank you either way for
watching if you guys want to subscribe
to our videos to see more click this
button right here that'll subscribe to
my channel like I just said you'll see
more skits like this prank videos
skateboarding videos randomness I get
into a bunch of whatever comes up in my
head I make weird videos about and then
if you want to see last year's called
YouTube video boom right down there
check that out and I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go have some family time eat some
dinner and play some black ops and
lastly but not least let's do it let's
do lastly but most I want to give a
shout out to Brent
aka bass quit because he's a failed Call
of Duty and youtuber you guys know you
better you better know who basket
somebody go so face Mickey and Baska
with you guys Rock
I'm gonna go you viewers you rock
everyone rocks ok I accept me I don't
rock I'm rock but I'm gonna go hang out
with my family